---
title: "Hello World - init post"
excerpt: "Initil blog post and idea behind this personal blog site"
read_time: true
tags:
  - why
  - init post
  - hello world
categories:
  - blogging
---

Having some time off during vacation, I finally found time to create my own blog page.


At this point, I've recognised two main reasons for going back to the 90's and being a blogger (which I guess was something similar to todays vloggers/influencers back in the days). Luckily for most of us (if not everyone) growing in the 90's, the embarassing and plain stupid stuff we wrote on blogging platforms back then are either deleted or barried somewhere deep in the internet archives so nobody will find the stupid stuff we wrote back then.
Though it would be kinda cool to go back to those old posts and reflect on them now being older, a bit wiser and embracing the gray hair (can't be wise without gray hair I suppose).

## Reason 01
This leads me to reason #1 for wanting to start writing a blog - to use it as a self-reflection tool while keeping in mind that anything published might be red by somebody else, so kinda hoping this will force me to structure the posts in a non-chaotic way and keep the posts on a somewhat professional level (no swearing for example). Expectation is that by praciting a more professional style of writing, it should also translate to verbal communication being improved and more strutured.

## Reason 02
Being a stubborn person has it's pros and cons (as most things in life have). I strongly believe being stubborn, reading and learning from books about human behaviour while having ADHD and needing to always have something happening has pushed me to get experience, knowledge and insights into different professional areas. Since I have learned so much from the community, it would be nice and fair to give back and maybe help a few people down the road.


## Summary
I'm accepting the unknown at this state and not aiming to achieve any direct business/financial benefits from this. As pointed above, main goal is to have an activity which enables reflecting on previous experiences and situations while also providing useful insights into topics which some might find interesting and worth the read.

Ofcourse, if additional opportunities come out of this blogging journey, that's amazing, but this is not the goal.